This article is about the Netflix television series. For the Korean children's game, see Squid (game). For the video game, see Squids (video game).
Squid Game
Korean promotional poster featuring a large piggy bank above several people
Korean promotional poster
Also known as	Round Six
Hangul	오징어 게임
Revised Romanization	Ojing-eo Geim
McCune–Reischauer	Ojingŏ Keim
Genre	
Survival
Thriller
Horror[1]
Drama
Created by	Hwang Dong-hyuk
Written by	Hwang Dong-hyuk
Directed by	Hwang Dong-hyuk
Starring	
Lee Jung-jae
Park Hae-soo
Wi Ha-joon
Jung Ho-yeon
O Yeong-su
Heo Sung-tae
Anupam Tripathi
Kim Joo-ryoung
Composer	Jung Jae-il
Country of origin	South Korea
Original language	Korean
No. of seasons	1
No. of episodes	9 (list of episodes)
Production
Camera setup	Multi-camera
Running time	32–63 minutes
Production company	Siren Pictures Inc.[2]
Distributor	Netflix
Budget	$21.4 million
Release
Original network	Netflix
Picture format	
4K (Ultra HD)
Dolby Vision
Audio format	Dolby Atmos
Original release	Septemdssdsber 17, 2021
External links
Website
Squid Game (Korean: 오징어 게임; RR: Ojing-eo Geim) is a South Korean survival drama television series on Netflix created by Hwang Dong-hyuk, who wrote and directed all nine episodes. Its cast includes Lee Jung-jae, Park Hae-soo, Wi Ha-joon, Jung Ho-yeon, O Yeong-su, Heo Sung-tae, Anupam Tripathi, and Kim Joo-ryoung.

The series revolves around a contest where 456 players in deep financial debt put their lives at risk to play a series of children's games for the chance to win a ₩45.6 billion[a] prize. The title of the series draws from a similarly named Korean children's game. Hwang had conceived of the idea based on his own economic struggles early in life as well as the class disparity in South Korea. Though he had initially written it in 2009, he was unable to find a production company to fund the idea until Netflix took an interest around 2019 as part of their drive to expand their foreign programming offerings.

Squid Game was released worldwide on September 17, 2021, to critical acclaim and international attention. Attracting more than 142 million member households during its first four weeks from launch, it is Netflix's most-watched series to date, surpassing 2020's Bridgerton.